financial-contributors/payments.md, before:

# Payments

## Financial contribution flow

![Screencast of the general contribution flow](../.gitbook/assets/peek-2021-01-21-17-51.gif)

## Payment options

#### Profile

Select who you'd like to pay as—yourself as an individual, or an [Organization](organizations/) or [Collective](../collectives/collectives.md) you manage.

You can also contribute anonymously by making an incognito contribution. If you chose to contribute as "incognito", your financial contribution will not show up publicly linked to your profile. However, administrators can privately see which profiles are attached to incognito contributions.

#### Payment info

1. Credit card - enter the details or use a saved card
2. [Gift card](organizations/gift-cards.md) - select the gift card you want to pay with
3. Collective - contribute [using the balance of one of your Collectives](collective-to-collective.md) (if it's in the same host as the one you're donating to)
4. [Organization](organizations/) - contribute using the balance saved to your Organization
5. Bank transfer, Paypal, or other method if made available by that Collective and their fiscal host

## Recurring financial contributions (subscriptions)

### Why do you charge recurring monthly subscriptions on 1st of every month?

It helps Collectives manage their monthly budget and is more predictable for them. We're working on a way to charge a single payment spread out across monthly contributions, to reduce payment processor transaction fees.

### When will I be billed next time?

You will be charged when you first contribute, and then on the 1st of each month (for monthly contributions) or the 1st of the same month next year (for yearly contributions). Note: To prevent you from being charged twice in a short time frame, if you contribute after the 15th of a given month, the next charge will not be the 1st of next month but the month after.

## Contributing as a guest

If you start the contribution flow (ie. [http://opencollective.com/babel/donate](http://opencollective.com/babel/donate)) while being logged out, the system will allow you to continue without signing in/up, just by providing your email address.

{% hint style="info" %}
Above a certain amount, the system will ask you additional information such as your physicall address. This information is required for legal purpose, and stays private.
{% endhint %}

{% hint style="warning" %}
Guest contributions are not yet supported for recurring contributions or in case the email that you're trying to use is already a verified account on Open Collective. We are currently working on removing these limitations.
{% endhint %}

![Guest contribution form](<../.gitbook/assets/image (5).png>)

### Claiming a Guest Account

There are two ways to claim a guest account:

#### 1. By clicking on "Join Open Collective" on the success page

![](<../.gitbook/assets/image (37).png>)

You'll then get an email to register on Open Collective. Click on the given link and your account will be verified!

![](<../.gitbook/assets/image (21).png>)

#### 2. By signing in

Sign in directly by clicking on the "Sign in" button in the top navbar will have the same effect of verifying your account directly.

## Payment changes

To view your current payment methods, go to your profile (under 'my account') and click 'edit profile', then 'payment methods'.

### Save a new credit card for future transactions

Go to manage payment methods in your profile settings and select "add another payment option". If you add a new card, you will have it as an option to make future contributions.

_**Note:** Adding a new card does not change the card for existing recurring contributions._

### Cancel a Recurring Contribution

If you have set up a repeating payment to a Collective, such as a monthly contribution, and you want to cancel it, here's how. Under your user menu, go to Manage Contributions. Find the one you want to cancel and click "Edit". Select "Cancel".

### Change the amount or payment method for an existing contribution

Open the dropdown menu and click on **Manage Contributions**.

![](<../.gitbook/assets/image (31).png>)

You'll be redirected to a page with all of your recurring financial contributions. Click on the three dots on the top right of a financial contribution card to update your payment method, amount or cancel your financial contribution.

![From there you can see all your recurring contributions](<../.gitbook/assets/image (11).png>)

![Click on "Edit" do see the options](<../.gitbook/assets/image (15).png>)

Commit message:

GitBook: [#770] more detail about incognito

financial-contributors/payments.md, after:

# Payments

## Financial contribution flow

![Screencast of the general contribution flow](../.gitbook/assets/peek-2021-01-21-17-51.gif)

## Payment options

#### Profile

Select who you'd like to pay as—yourself as an individual, or an [Organization](organizations/) or [Collective](../collectives/collectives.md) you manage.

You can also contribute anonymously by making an incognito contribution. If you chose to contribute as "incognito", your financial contribution will not show up publicly linked to your profile. However, administrators can privately see which profiles are attached to incognito contributions.&#x20;

You can find the option to donate incognito (anonymously) on the second step of the contributions page:

![](<../.gitbook/assets/Screen Shot 2021-11-17 at 11.14.35 AM.png>)

#### Payment info

1. Credit card - enter the details or use a saved card
2. [Gift card](organizations/gift-cards.md) - select the gift card you want to pay with
3. Collective - contribute [using the balance of one of your Collectives](collective-to-collective.md) (if it's in the same host as the one you're donating to)
4. [Organization](organizations/) - contribute using the balance saved to your Organization
5. Bank transfer, Paypal, or other method if made available by that Collective and their fiscal host

## Recurring financial contributions (subscriptions)

### Why do you charge recurring monthly subscriptions on 1st of every month?

It helps Collectives manage their monthly budget and is more predictable for them. We're working on a way to charge a single payment spread out across monthly contributions, to reduce payment processor transaction fees.

### When will I be billed next time?

You will be charged when you first contribute, and then on the 1st of each month (for monthly contributions) or the 1st of the same month next year (for yearly contributions). Note: To prevent you from being charged twice in a short time frame, if you contribute after the 15th of a given month, the next charge will not be the 1st of next month but the month after.

## Contributing as a guest

If you start the contribution flow (ie. [http://opencollective.com/babel/donate](http://opencollective.com/babel/donate)) while being logged out, the system will allow you to continue without signing in/up, just by providing your email address. Note that guest accounts are not automatically anonymous- you need to not put your name in under "Full Name," i.e. write "guest" or "anonymous," otherwise it will show up along with the transaction. For information about submitting a contribution anonymously (incognito) if you already have an Open Collective profile, [see above](https://docs.opencollective.com/help/financial-contributors/payments#profile).&#x20;

{% hint style="info" %}
Above a certain amount, the system will ask you additional information such as your physicall address. This information is required for legal purpose, and stays private.
{% endhint %}

{% hint style="warning" %}
Guest contributions are not yet supported for recurring contributions or in case the email that you're trying to use is already a verified account on Open Collective. We are currently working on removing these limitations.
{% endhint %}

![Guest contribution form](<../.gitbook/assets/image (5).png>)

### Claiming a Guest Account

There are two ways to claim a guest account:

#### 1. By clicking on "Join Open Collective" on the success page

![](<../.gitbook/assets/image (37).png>)

You'll then get an email to register on Open Collective. Click on the given link and your account will be verified!

![](<../.gitbook/assets/image (21).png>)

#### 2. By signing in

Sign in directly by clicking on the "Sign in" button in the top navbar will have the same effect of verifying your account directly.

## Payment changes

To view your current payment methods, go to your profile (under 'my account') and click 'edit profile', then 'payment methods'.

### Save a new credit card for future transactions

Go to manage payment methods in your profile settings and select "add another payment option". If you add a new card, you will have it as an option to make future contributions.

_**Note:** Adding a new card does not change the card for existing recurring contributions._

### Cancel a Recurring Contribution

If you have set up a repeating payment to a Collective, such as a monthly contribution, and you want to cancel it, here's how. Under your user menu, go to Manage Contributions. Find the one you want to cancel and click "Edit". Select "Cancel".

### Change the amount or payment method for an existing contribution

Open the dropdown menu and click on **Manage Contributions**.

![](<../.gitbook/assets/image (31).png>)

You'll be redirected to a page with all of your recurring financial contributions. Click on the three dots on the top right of a financial contribution card to update your payment method, amount or cancel your financial contribution.

![From there you can see all your recurring contributions](<../.gitbook/assets/image (11).png>)

![Click on "Edit" do see the options](<../.gitbook/assets/image (15).png>)
